update README (#119)
orca-so/whirlpools: README.md

In the `sdk` folder, run `yarn run docs`

You can also see the generated [TypeDoc](https://orca-so.github.io/whirlpools/).

## Sample Codes

> You can find many sample codes covering basic operations [here](https://github.com/everlastingsong/tour-de-whirlpool/tree/main/src/EN).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find sample code covering basic operations [here](https://github.com/everlastingsong/tour-de-whirlpool/tree/main/src/EN).
```
